fix: Clean up toast documentation (#2108)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/toast/stories/toast.stories.mdx

By default, `mode` is set to `status`, which indicates the message contains advisory information
such as a successful action.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Basic} />

A `status` `Toast` will wrap the message within a `polite` ARIA live region with a `role` of
`status`.

### Alert

Set the `mode` prop to `alert` to convey urgent and important information such as an error.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={ToastAlert} />

An `alert` `Toast` will wrap the message within an `assertive` ARIA live region with a `role` of
`alert`.

### Dialog

Set the `mode` prop to `dialog` to convey the presence of a follow-up action. If you use this

> `mode`, you need to add an `aria-label`. This `aria-label` should be additional information for the

Reviewer: Can we be more specific about what the `aria-label` should be set to? I saw it used to be hardcoded to "notification" for `mode="dialog"`, which was removed in #2044 ([link](https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/pull/2044/files#diff-4d15b085abe91101267e93a9b0a16ea872d6a79c5f97b27d1eaa401f8626b435L70)). Are there examples of other `aria-label` values that make sense in other contexts?

`Toast`. The `Toast` will also add an `aria-describedby` that links the `Toast` to `Toast.Message`
so that it is read out to screen readers. The `aria-label` should be different that the contents of
the `Toast` so there is no duplication being read out by screen readers.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={ToastDialog} />

> Screen readers will read it out in the following order: "Notifcation: Your workbook was successfully
> processed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen readers will read the `Toast` out in the following order: "Notification: Your workbook was
successfully processed."
```

### Dialog

Set the `mode` prop to `dialog` to convey the presence of a follow-up action. If you use this
`mode`, you need to add an `aria-label`. This `aria-label` should be additional information for the
`Toast` such as `notification`. The `Toast` will also add an `aria-describedby` that links the `Toast` to `Toast.Message`
so that it is read out to screen readers. The `aria-label` should be different that the contents of
the `Toast` so there is no duplication being read out by screen readers.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={ToastDialog} />

> Screen readers will read it out in the following order: Screen readers will read the `Toast` out in the following order: "Notification: Your workbook was

Author: ```suggestion
Screen readers will read the `Toast` out in the following order: "Notification: Your workbook was
```
